manifest: sdk-connectedhomeip: Update revision (#18910)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from the upstream Matter:

* Added:

  * Enhanced Network Infrastructure with Home Routers and Access Points (HRAP).
    This provides requirements for devices such as home routers, modems or access points to create a necessary infrastructure for Matter products.
  * Enhanced Multi-Admin that aims to simplify the smart home management from the user perspective.
    This term includes several different features and in this release only Fabric Synchronization was fully delivered.
    The Fabric Synchronization enables commissioning of devices from one fabric to another without require manual user actions, but only user consent.
  * Dynamic SIT LIT switching support that allows the application to switch between these modes, as long as the requirements for these modes are met.
    This can be enabled using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_DSLS_SUPPORT` Kconfig option.
  * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_SIT_SLOW_POLL_LIMIT` to limit the slow polling interval value for the device while it is in the SIT mode.

>     This can be used for the ICD LIT device, to limit the slow poll interval used while temporarily working in the SIT mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This can be used to limit the slow poll interval for the ICD LIT device while it is temporarily working in the SIT mode.
```

  * New device types:

    * Water heater
    * Solar power
    * Battery storage
    * Heat pump
    * Mounted on/off control
    * Mounted dimmable load control

* Updated:

  * Thermostat cluster with support for scheduling and preset modes, like vacation, and home or away settings.

>   * Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE) with support for user-defined charging preferences, like specifying the time when car will be charged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE) with support for user-defined charging preferences, like specifying the time when the car will be charged.
```

  * Occupancy sensing cluster with features like radar, vision, and ambient sensing.

>   * Intermittently Connected Devices feature that included enhancements for the Long Idle Time (LIT) and Check-In Protocol, and in result changed state of this feature from provisional to certifiable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Intermittently Connected Devices feature with enhancements for the Long Idle Time (LIT) and Check-In Protocol.
    With this enhancements, the state of this feature is changed from provisional to certifiable.
```
